			F2C-ACC Compiler - General Information

Author:	Mark Govett
	National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
	Earth System Research laboratory
	Boulder Colorado 80305

Version: 5.2
Release Date: June 10, 2013
Description: 
  This distribution contains the F2C-ACC translator used to convert Fortran
  code into either C or CUDA.  The translator handles parsing of
  all Fortran 95 language features, but only a limited set of language
  constructs are handled.. 

  Common language constructs supported include most declarations, do-enddo, 
  do-continue, if-else-endif, data, parameter, assignment statements, 
  modules, etc are supported.  At this time, language constructs including 
  character, complex and derived types, I/O statements, and some intrinsic 
  functions are not supported.

  In the event a language construct (eg. "interface" statement) is not 
  supported, F2C-ACC will generate the following message that preceeds 
  the line in question:

	F2C-ACC ERROR:  line,column "Language construct not supported."

  Additional translation capabilities are being added as needed.  Support 
  questions can be sent to:

		help.accel.gsd@noaa.gov

Building the Translator:
  Use the build script: build-F2C.scr  path-name
	, where path-name is the path where the software will be installed.

Building C or CUDA Code:
  Translated code relies on the m4 library to handle the different operating 
  system calling conventions between Fortran and C routines (eg. subroutine
  names). Code is generated into files with a .m4 suffix.  To convert code into
  C or CUDA-C m4 must be run.  A makefile is provided in this directory as a
  template to handle code generation.

  Further hand modifications may be necessary to run the CUDA code on a GPU
  device.  This could include hand conversion of unsupported types, handling of
  GPU memory declarations (eg. shared, constant), nesting function or 
  subroutine kernels, and adding performance optimizations. The examples 
  directory illustrates a hand modification for a simple code.

  As the translator is further developed, it is expected that some of these
  code modifications will be handled automatically.
  
More information:
  View the users guide, F2C-ACC-Documentation_V4.pdf in this distribution.
  Visit the web site:  http://www.esrl.noaa.gov/gsd/ab/ac/Accelerators.html
  Send Email:  help.accel.gsd@noaa.gov
